May 28, 2013,11:04am EDT
Top 100 Inspirational Quotes
Kevin Kruse
Kevin KruseContributor
Careers
CEO of LEADx and author of Great Leaders Have No Rules.
TWEET THIS
Life is about making an impact, not making an income. --Kevin Kruse
Video Player is loading.Pause
Unmute
Current Time 
0:00
/
Duration 
0:00

Share
Fullscreen
In my new eBook, 365 Inspirational Quotes: Daily Motivation For Your Best Year Ever, I share the quotations that have inspired me as I've launched my companies, written my books and raised my children. In the spirit of self motivation, here are my top 100 inspirational quotes.

uncaptioned
Gallery: Best Business Quotes From Movies
36 images
View gallery 
1.  Life is about making an impact, not making an income. --Kevin Kruse

2. Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill

3. Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. –Albert Einstein

4. Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.  –Robert Frost

Most Popular In: Leadership

5 Habits Of Mentally Strong People—Based On Science
Job Habits That Shorten Your Career And Life: How Many Do You Practice?
The Three Skills You Need To Succeed In Your Job Search
5. I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. –Florence Nightingale

ForbesQuotes: Thoughts On The Business Of Life
6. You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. –Wayne Gretzky

7. I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. –Michael Jordan

8. The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. –Amelia Earhart

9. Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. –Babe Ruth

10. Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. –W. Clement Stone

11. Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. –Kevin Kruse

12. Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. –John Lennon

13. We become what we think about. –Earl Nightingale

14.Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. –Mark Twain

15.Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. –Charles Swindoll

16. The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. –Alice Walker

17. The mind is everything. What you think you become.  –Buddha

18. The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. –Chinese Proverb

19. An unexamined life is not worth living. –Socrates

20. Eighty percent of success is showing up. –Woody Allen

21. Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. –Steve Jobs

22. Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. –Vince Lombardi

23. I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. –Stephen Covey

24. Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. –Pablo Picasso

25. You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. –Christopher Columbus

The Forbes eBook Of Motivational Quotes
Discover the timeless advice that the world’s great thinkers, billionaires, writers and businesspeople have to offer.

26. I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. –Maya Angelou

27. Either you run the day, or the day runs you. –Jim Rohn

28. Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. –Henry Ford

29. The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. –Mark Twain

30. Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. –Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

31. The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra

32. People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily. –Zig Ziglar

33. Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. –Anais Nin

34. If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. –Vincent Van Gogh

35. There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. –Aristotle

36. Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you. –Jesus

37. The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. –Ralph Waldo Emerson

38. Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined. –Henry David Thoreau

39. When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. –Erma Bombeck

40. Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.  –Booker T. Washington

Subscribe To The Forbes Careers Newsletter
Sign up here to get top career advice delivered straight to your inbox every week.

41. Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. – Ancient Indian Proverb

42. Believe you can and you’re halfway there. –Theodore Roosevelt

43. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair

44. We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. –Plato

45. Teach thy tongue to say, "I do not know," and thous shalt progress. –Maimonides

46. Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can. –Arthur Ashe

47. When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life. –John Lennon

48. Fall seven times and stand up eight. –Japanese Proverb

49. When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. –Helen Keller

50. Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. –Confucius

51. How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. –Anne Frank

52. When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. –Lao Tzu

53. Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. –Maya Angelou

54. Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions. –Dalai Lama

55. If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on. –Sheryl Sandberg

56. First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. –Aristotle

57. If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. –Latin Proverb

58. You can’t fall if you don’t climb.  But there’s no joy in living your whole life on the ground. –Unknown

59. We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. –Marie Curie

uncaptioned

60. Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. –Les Brown

61. Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. –Joshua J. Marine

62. If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. –Booker T. Washington

63. I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. –Leonardo da Vinci

64. Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. –Jamie Paolinetti

65. You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame. –Erica Jong

66. What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. –Bob Dylan

67. I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. –Benjamin Franklin

68. In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. –Bill Cosby

69. A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. – Albert Einstein

70. The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. –Chinese Proverb

71. There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. –Roger Staubach

72. It is never too late to be what you might have been. –George Eliot

73. You become what you believe. –Oprah Winfrey

WATCH: What Oprah Has Learned From Her 25 Years Of Interviews

Play Video
What Oprah Has Learned From Her 25 Years Of Interviews| 5:19

74. I would rather die of passion than of boredom. –Vincent van Gogh

75. A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. –Unknown

76. It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings.  –Ann Landers

77. If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money. –Abigail Van Buren

78. Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. –Farrah Gray

79. The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself--the invisible battles inside all of us--that's where it's at. –Jesse Owens

80. Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance. –Sir Claus Moser

81. I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. –Rosa Parks

82. It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. –Confucius

83. If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. –Oprah Winfrey

84. Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. –Dalai Lama

85. You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have. –Maya Angelou

86. Dream big and dare to fail. –Norman Vaughan

87. Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. –Martin Luther King Jr.

88. Do what you can, where you are, with what you have. –Teddy Roosevelt

89. If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. –Tony Robbins

90. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. –Gloria Steinem

91. It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. –Mae Jemison

92. You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. –Beverly Sills

93. Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. –Eleanor Roosevelt

94. Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. –Grandma Moses

95. The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. –Ayn Rand

96. When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. –Henry Ford

97. It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. –Abraham Lincoln

98. Change your thoughts and you change your world. –Norman Vincent Peale

99. Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. –Benjamin Franklin

100. Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!” –Audrey Hepburn

101. The only way to do great work is to love what you do. –Steve Jobs

102. If you can dream it, you can achieve it. –Zig Ziglar

--> Check out my new eBook, 365 Inspirational Quotes: Daily



Oct 16, 2012,08:37am EDT
100 Best Quotes On Leadership
Kevin Kruse
Kevin KruseContributor
Careers
CEO of LEADx and author of Great Leaders Have No Rules.
In my new eBook, 365 Inspirational Quotes: Daily Motivation For Your Best Year Ever, I share the quotations that have inspired me as I’ve launched my companies, written books and raised my children. Below are my top 100 leadership quotes of all time.

1. A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. —Lao Tzu

2. Where there is no vision, the people perish. —Proverbs 29:18

3. I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? —Benjamin Disraeli

4. You manage things; you lead people. —Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper

5. The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant. —Max DePree

6. Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. —Warren Bennis

Most Popular In: Careers

The Three Skills You Need To Succeed In Your Job Search
Job Habits That Shorten Your Career And Life: How Many Do You Practice?
What Boris Johnson’s Imitation Of Jacinda Ardern Teaches Us About Lazy Leadership
7. Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way. — General George Patton

8. Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others. —Jack Welch

9. A leader is a dealer in hope. —Napoleon Bonaparte

10. You don’t need a title to be a leader. –Multiple Attributions

11. A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. —John Maxwell

12. My own definition of leadership is this: The capacity and the will to rally men and women to a common purpose and the character which inspires confidence. —General Montgomery

13. Leadership is lifting a person's vision to high sights, the raising of a person's performance to a higher standard, the building of a personality beyond its normal limitations. —Peter Drucker

14. Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned citizens can change world. Indeed it is the only thing that ever has. —Margaret Mead

15. The nation will find it very hard to look up to the leaders who are keeping their ears to the ground. —Sir Winston Churchill

16. The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership. That's nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true. Leaders are made rather than born. —Warren Bennis

17. To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less. —Andre Malraux

18. He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander. —Aristotle

19. Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily; even if you had no title or position. —Brian Tracy

Subscribe To The Forbes Careers Newsletter
Sign up here to get top career advice delivered straight to your inbox every week.

20. I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. —Ralph Nader

21. Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes. —Peter Drucker

22. Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. —Publilius Syrus

23. A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together. —Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe

24. The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it. —Theodore Roosevelt

25. Leadership is influence. —John C. Maxwell

26. You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case. —Ken Kesey

27. When I give a minister an order, I leave it to him to find the means to carry it out. —Napoleon Bonaparte

28. Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better. —Harry S. Truman

29. People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision. —John Maxwell

30. So much of what we call management consists in making it difficult for people to work. —Peter Drucker

31. The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes. —Tony Blair

32. The very essence of leadership is that you have to have a vision. It's got to be a vision you articulate clearly and forcefully on every occasion. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. —Reverend Theodore Hesburgh

33. The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority. —Kenneth Blanchard

34. A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible. —Polybius

35. A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position. —John Maxwell

36. A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go, but ought to be. —Rosalynn Carter

37. The challenge of leadership is to be strong, but not rude; be kind, but not weak; be bold, but not bully; be thoughtful, but not lazy; be humble, but not timid; be proud, but not arrogant; have humor, but without folly. —Jim Rohn

38. Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish. —Sam Walton

39. A true leader has the confidence to stand alone, the courage to make tough decisions, and the compassion to listen to the needs of others. He does not set out to be a leader, but becomes one by the equality of his actions and the integrity of his intent. —Douglas MacArthur

40. A ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward. —Ovid

41. No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it. —Andrew Carnegie

42. Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. —General Dwight Eisenhower

43. The leader has to be practical and a realist yet must talk the language of the visionary and the idealist. —Eric Hoffer

44. Leaders think and talk about the solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems. —Brian Tracy

45. A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. —Max Lucado

46. Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. —General George Patton

47. As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. —Bill Gates

48. All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership. —John Kenneth Galbraith

49. Do what you feel in your heart to be right–for you’ll be criticized anyway. —Eleanor Roosevelt

uncaptioned

50. Don't necessarily avoid sharp edges. Occasionally they are necessary to leadership. —Donald Rumsfeld

51. Education is the mother of leadership. —Wendell Willkie

52. Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. —Stephen Covey

53. Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate, and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand. —General Colin Powell

54. Great leaders are not defined by the absence of weakness, but rather by the presence of clear strengths. —John Zenger

55. He who has great power should use it lightly. —Seneca

56. He who has learned how to obey will know how to command. —Solon

57. I am reminded how hollow the label of leadership sometimes is and how heroic followership can be. —Warren Bennis

58. I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, which is: Try to please everybody. —Herbert Swope

59. If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. —Maya Angelou

60. If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading, or do things worth the writing. —Benjamin Franklin

61. If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. —John Quincy Adams

62. In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. —Thomas Jefferson

63. It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself. —Latin Proverb

64. It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership. —Nelson Mandela

65. Lead and inspire people. Don’t try to manage and manipulate people. Inventories can be managed but people must be led. —Ross Perot

66. Leaders aren't born, they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal. —Vince Lombardi

67. Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them. —John C. Maxwell

68. Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. —John F. Kennedy

69. Leadership cannot just go along to get along. Leadership must meet the moral challenge of the day. —Jesse Jackson

70. Leadership does not always wear the harness of compromise. —Woodrow Wilson

71. Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy. —Norman Schwarzkopf

72. Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership. —Colin Powell

73. Leadership is the key to 99 percent of all successful efforts. —Erskine Bowles

74. Leadership is unlocking people's potential to become better. —Bill Bradley

75. Management is about arranging and telling. Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing. —Tom Peters

76. Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall. —Stephen Covey

77. Never give an order that can't be obeyed. —General Douglas MacArthur

78. No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent. —Abraham Lincoln

79. What you do has far greater impact than what you say. —Stephen Covey

80. Not the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow. —Chinese Proverb

81. One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. —Arnold Glasow

82. The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men, the conviction and the will to carry on. —Walter Lippman

83. The greatest leaders mobilize others by coalescing people around a shared vision. —Ken Blanchard

84. The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership. —Harvey Firestone

85. To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult. —Friedrich Nietzsche

86. To have long term success as a coach or in any position of leadership, you have to be obsessed in some way. —Pat Riley

87. True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well. —Bill Owens

88. We live in a society obsessed with public opinion. But leadership has never been about popularity. —Marco Rubio

89. Whatever you are, be a good one. —Abraham Lincoln

90. You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing you think you cannot do. —Eleanor Roosevelt

91. A competent leader can get efficient service from poor troops, while on the contrary an incapable leader can demoralize the best of troops. —John J Pershing

92. A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and a little less than his share of the credit. —John Maxwell

93. There are three essentials to leadership: humility, clarity and courage. —Fuchan Yuan

94. I am endlessly fascinated that playing football is considered a training ground for leadership, but raising children isn't. —Dee Dee Myers

95. A cowardly leader is the most dangerous of men. —Stephen King

96. My responsibility is getting all my players playing for the name on the front of the jersey, not the one on the back. –Unknown

97. A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. –George Patton

98. The supreme quality of leadership is integrity. –Dwight Eisenhower

99. You don’t lead by hitting people over the head—that’s assault, not leadership. –Dwight Eisenhower

100. Earn your leadership every day. –Michael Jordan

______

Check out, 365 Inspirational Quotes: Daily Motivation For Your Best Year Ever, by NY Times bestselling author Kevin Kruse.

WATCH: Bill Marriott's Lesson Learned From President Dwight D. Eisenhower

Play Video
You might also like...

30 Motivational Quotes For Job Seekers

10 Brainteasers To Test Your Mental Sharpness

13 Things You Should Never Say At Work

Zig Ziglar: 10 Quotes That Can Change Your Life

The Difference Between Happiness And Engagement At Work

25 Low-Cost Ways To Reward Employees

 

Kevin Kruse
Kevin Kruse
I'm the Founder+CEO of www.LEADx.org, a leadership habits app that turns millennial managers into legacy leaders. I'm a New York Times bestselling author of nine books,… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices


EDITORS' PICK|965,305 views|Jun 5, 2020,07:55pm EDT
The 100 Safest Countries In The World For COVID-19
John Koetsier
John KoetsierSenior Contributor
Consumer Tech
John Koetsier is a journalist, analyst, author, and speaker.
A visual overview of how safe various countries and regions are in terms of COVID-19 infection globally.
A visual overview of how safe various countries and regions are in terms of COVID-19 infection ... [+] DEEP KNOWLEDGE GROUP
Update June 13: a number of people have questioned why Caribbean nations and Vietnam did not score well in Deep Knowledge Group’s report, despite low infection and death rates. I’ve updated this story with their response (pls scroll down below the list).

Switzerland is the safest country in the world right now for COVID-19. South Sudan is, according to a massive 250-page report, the most dangerous nation.

The United States?

It ranks number 58, just behind Romania, and two places ahead of Russia.

Most Popular In: Consumer Tech

2020 iPhone Shock As ‘All-New’ Apple iPhone Revealed
Apple Confirms Stunning New MacBook Pro Details
What’s The Best Browser For Netflix? (Clue: It’s Not Google Chrome)
The report is based on 130 quantitative and qualitative parameters and over 11,400 data points in categories like quarantine efficiency, monitoring and detection, health readiness, and government efficiency. It’s by the Deep Knowledge Group, a consortium of companies and nonprofits owned by Deep Knowledge Ventures, an investment firm founded in 2014 in Hong Kong.

The 20 safest countries on the planet for COVID-19, according to the Deep Knowledge Group.
The 20 safest countries on the planet for COVID-19, according to the Deep Knowledge Group. DEEP KNOWLEDGE GROUP
Interestingly, there’s been significant change in the safety rankings through the months of the pandemic.

Initially, countries that could react quickly to crises and had high levels of emergency preparedness ranked highest. Now countries with resilient economies are ranking higher.

“Switzerland and Germany achieve the #1 and #2 positions in this new special case study specifically because of their economy’s resilience, and due to the careful ways in which they are attempting to relax lockdown and economic freezing mandates in a fact and science-based manner, without sacrificing public health and safety,” the study says.


Here are the top 100 countries by COVID-19 safety, according to the Deep Knowledge Group:

Switzerland
Germany
Israel
Singapore
Japan
Austria
China
Australia
New Zealand
South Korea1
United Arab Emirates
Canada
Hong Kong
Norway
Denmark
Taiwan
Saudi Arabia
Hungary
Netherlands
Vietnam
Kuwait
Iceland
Bahrain
Finland
Luxembourg
Qatar
Liechtenstein
Poland
Lithuania
Malaysia
Latvia
Slovenia
Oman
Greece
Estonia
Croatia
Turkey
Ireland
Georgia
Cyprus
Chile
Montenegro
Czech Republic
Malta
Spain
Portugal
Thailand
Bulgaria
Greenland
Mexico
Uruguay
Vatican City
Italy
Serbia
Philippines
India
Romania
USA
Slovak Republic
France
Russia
Argentina
Belarus
Monaco
Sweden
Ukraine
Gibraltar
United Kingdom
South Africa
San Marino
Kazakhstan
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Iran
Ecuador
Azerbaijan
Mongolia
Lebanon
Belgium
Andorra
Cayman Islands
Armenia
Moldova
Myanmar
Bangladesh
Sri Lanka
Egypt
Tunisia
Albania
Jordan
Panama
Brazil
Morocco
Algeria
Honduras
Paraguay
Peru
Indonesia
Cambodia
Laos
Bahamas
It’s important to note that this is just one organization’s assessment of risk, and that risk within different regions inside nations will differ as well. For example, New York City was an epicenter of COVID-19 risk a month ago, while Montana stayed, relatively speaking, much safer.

The highest-risk regions right now, according to the report, are Sub-Saharan Africa and South America, as well as some countries in the Middle East and Asia Pacific.

The full study is available here. The methodology is available here.

Update June 13 on the Caribbean and Vietnam:

As mentioned at the top of this story, I’ve received comments from people in multiple Caribbean nations and from people in Vietnam, wondering why their countries did not rank higher. In addition, some people are concerned that racism or bias might be reflected in the rankings.

I’ve asked Deep Knowledge Group for an explanation. Here’s what Dmitry Kaminskiy, General Partner of Deep Knowledge Group, provided:

Our current ranking of course is not ideal yet, and in case of some particular countries we had issues to get reliable data, however with each iteration over the last three months the analytics framework [is] becoming more robust and comprehensive, and subsequently corresponding rankings are becoming more accurate and precise.

In regards to Vietnam in particular, it was probably our mistake to put it into Tier 1, and in the next iteration most likely it will move into Tier 2, however, during last days we are also receiving some additional information from experts based in Asia, and it seems that Vietnam is hiding cases with infected people.

As in regards to the Caribbean islands, most of the countries there have apparently underdeveloped healthcare infrastructure, lack of efficient anti-crisis government management and zero experience to neutralize biohazard threats. Yes indeed, currently as they are geographically separate islands it creates temporarily perception [of] safety, but as most of them are directly dependent on tourism, once the tourists will start to arrive in the next weeks and months, those locations might quite quickly become problematic zones.

We are planning to make the next iteration of rankings with some additional features and extended framework for Tier 3 and Tier 4 in the first part of July, and will send you information in advance.

I’m pretty certain that explanation won’t satisfy people who are already concerned with the rankings, as it essentially doubles down on the ranking — while acknowledging that it’s not perfect — while casting aspersions on one nation’s veracity and others nations’ capacity.

I will state very plainly that my research on Vietnam turned up no corroboration of the claim that Vietnam is hiding cases.

The very last thing I would want to do as a journalist is participate or amplify anything that potentially comes out of bias or racism. I talked to a member of the tourism board of Jamaica yesterday, on June 12, and have just connected with government officials from the Cayman Islands to learn more from the people actually in these regions. I’ll also reach out to officials in Vietnam for more information.

In addition, it’s worth noting that Vietnam as well as Trinidad & Tobago ranked in the top tier of this Oxford University study.

As I learn more, I’ll update this story further.

Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. Check out my website or some of my other work here. 
John Koetsier
John Koetsier
I forecast and analyze trends affecting the mobile ecosystem. I've been a journalist, analyst, and corporate executive, and have chronicled the rise of the mobile… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

170,355 views|Nov 27, 2019,03:15am EST
The 2020 List Of The World’s Best Airlines Is Out Now
Eric Rosen
Eric RosenContributor
Boats & Planes
The 2020 list of the world’s best airlines is out, and regaining the top spot this year from Singapore Airlines is Air New Zealand. 

Air New Zealand
Air New Zealand won the title of world's best airline for 2020. AIR NEW ZEALAND
The much-awaited annual Airline Excellence Awards are carried out by AirlineRatings.com, which is an aviation safety- and product-rating site based out of Perth, Australia.

To decide who wins, seven editors at the agency consider a dozen key factors including operational safety, passenger reviews, profitability, investment rating, fleet age, and product offerings such as premium economy on long-haul flights and seating options in other classes.

Air New Zealand’s number-one score should come as no surprise since, aside from last year’s loss to Singapore Airlines, the carrier has claimed the top spot for six of the past seven years.

Most Popular In: Travel

Here Are The New Rules For Air Travel After The Pandemic
Everything You Need To Know About The New Extended Canada-US Border Closure
Go North: Summer Fruit Focused Road Trips Might Be Just What The Doctor Ordered
Singapore Airlines didn’t slip much, though, snagging the number-two ranking thanks to its phenomenal new first-class suites and industry-leading catering and wine programs.

“In our analysis, Air New Zealand came out number one in most of our audit criteria, which is an outstanding performance when it’s up against carriers with more resources and scale on this same list of best airlines for 2020,” explained Airline Ratings editor-in-chief Geoffrey Thomas.

The carrier beat out relative behemoths like Emirates, which recently introduced all-new first-class suites as well as new business-class seating, Qatar Airways with its much-lauded Qsuites in business class, and Japanese airline ANA, which is also recently unveiled stunning new cabins in first and business class.

You can find all the rankings here, but this is the complete list of AirlineRatings.com’s best airlines in the world for 2020.

 1.    Air New Zealand

2.    Singapore Airlines

3.    All Nippon Airways

4.    Qantas

5.    Cathay Pacific

6.    Emirates

7.    Virgin Atlantic

8.    EVA Air

9.    Qatar Airways

10. Virgin Australia

11. Lufthansa

12. Finnair

13. Japan Airlines

14. KLM

15. Korean Airlines

16. Hawaiian Airlines

17. British Airways

18. Alaska Airlines

19. Delta Air Lines

20. Etihad Airways

Unlike previous years, fliers will find airlines from the Americas and Europe on this list since it has been expanded from just 10 entries to a full 20 spots.

Some surprising inclusions are Cathay Pacific given the hurdles that airline has faced due to social unrest in its hub of Hong Kong, and Virgin Atlantic nabbing the number-seven slot thanks to the launch of new routes and a new business-class cabin.

Perhaps it’s not astonishing that Delta eked out a spot on the list thanks to outstanding suites in business class and a rapidly expanding list of partners. But it only edged in at number 20, perhaps due to the complexities (and traffic snarls) of running one of the world’s largest aviation operations.

In addition to the overall rankings, AirlineRatings.com also picks individual winners in 13 specific categories. Here are those results.



Best First Class: Singapore Airlines took the top prize again with its new first-class suites.

Best Business Class: Despite slipping to number nine in the overall rankings, Qatar Airways held onto its best business class title again this year. “The airline’s Qsuite is a first-class experience in business class,” said Thomas. “It leaves little to chance, and our judges rated it as one of the best overall business-class products they had seen. It sets a standard to which some airlines can only aspire.”

Best Premium Economy: Air New Zealand won this round thanks to comfortable seats and upscale amenities.



Best Economy: Virgin Australia pulled out the win here thanks to spacious cabins in its Boeing 777 long-haul fleet.

Best Cabin Crew: Virgin Australia also took home this trophy for the second year in a row. “Virgin Australia has redefined the travel experience with its Economy X, Premium Economy, and standout Business Class,” said Thomas. “Add to that its cabin crew, which are the world’s best, and you have another airline punching well above its weight.”

Best Catering: Qatar Airways scored in this category for another year thanks to dine-on-demand service.

Qantas lounge
Qantas won for best lounges and domestic service. QANTAS
Best Lounges: Qantas Airways remained the champ in this category for yet another year. “The judges were unanimous on the airline’s lounges which are exceptional,” said Thomas. 

Best In-Flight Entertainment: Emirates won this category last year, too. “Emirates was one of the pioneers of IFE, and one of the first to install seatback videos in economy,” explained Thomas. “Today’s its IFE platform ICE is in a class of its own.”

Domestic Airline of the Year: Qantas picked up the prize for best domestic airline service with a call out to its premium transcontinental product aboard the Airbus A330.

Most Improved Airline: Philippine airline Cebu Pacific took home the top spot in this category thanks to “a move to expand its global footprint using new generation fuel-efficient aircraft,” said Thomas.

Best Ultra-Low-Cost Carrier: Vietnam-based carrier VietJet once again earned top honors here thanks to “a smart business plan that brings affordable travel to millions.”

Best Long-Haul Airline: AirlineRatings.com breaks this category down by region in the following way: Emirates (Middle East/Africa), Cathay Pacific (Asia), Lufthansa (Europe) and Delta (Americas).

Best Low-Cost Airline: Also ranked by region, the winners here were JetBlue (Americas), Wizz (Europe), Air Asia/AirAsia X (Asia/Pacific) and Air Arabia (Middle East/Africa).

As with any rankings system, the importance of this one to most fliers will depend more on the carriers operating in their home region and their own flying habits. For a more general overview of the aviation industry and the top players, check out rankings from other major publications, including Condé Nast Traveler, Travel + Leisure and SkyTrax.

Follow me on Twitter. Check out my website. 
Eric Rosen
Eric Rosen
Eric Rosen is a travel writer based in Los Angeles who regularly contributes to National Geographic Traveler, Travel Leisure, Condé Nast Traveler and Bloomberg. His… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

30,704 views|Mar 21, 2020,03:12pm EDT
Giannis, LeBron And The Top 100 Players Of The 2019-2020 NBA Season
Andy Bailey
Andy BaileyContributor
SportsMoney
LeBron James posting up Giannis Antetokounmpo.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 06: LeBron James #23 of the Los Angeles Lakers backs in on Giannis ... [+] GETTY IMAGES
There is no official word on whether the 2019-20 NBA regular season is wrapped, but the further we get into this Coronavirus-induced hiatus, the more difficult it is to imagine any games happening before the playoffs.

If the season is in the books, numbers are locked in. Standings in a lot of catch-all metrics are final, assuming there are no tweaks to the formula coming (something that happened with both ESPN’s real plus-minus and Basketball Reference’s box plus/minus this season).

Given the various biases and emphases of each catch-all, it’s difficult to pick just one to represent the league.

If you’re partial to RPM, BPM or Basketball Index’s player impact plus-minus, Giannis Antetokounmpo was the best player this season. FiveThirtyEight’s RAPTOR, however, has both James Harden and Kawhi Leonard ahead of him.

In an effort to level off the various emphases, you can sort every player in the league by the average of their ranks (not the numbers themselves) in the following catch-alls (as well as their cumulative variants):

Most Popular In: SportsMoney

A ‘New Barça’: How FC Barcelona Plan To Rejuvenate And Bring Down Their Average Squad Age In 2020/21
WWE Reportedly Adds Two Top Superstars To Its Creative Team
Sam Smith Says Michael Jordan And Scottie Pippen’s Relationship Is Not Good Right Now
Basketball Reference’s box plus/minus
Basketball Reference’s game score per 36 minutes (for the eye-test crowd)
ESPN’s real plus-minus
FiveThirtyEight’s RAPTOR
Basketball Index’s player impact plus-minus
NBA.com/stats’ player impact estimate
The top 100 based on that methodology reads as follows:

1-Giannis Antetokounmpo

2-James Harden

3-LeBron James

4-Kawhi Leonard

5-Luka Doncic

6-Anthony Davis

7-Nikola Jokic

8-Damian Lillard

9-Chris Paul/Jimmy Butler

11-Rudy Gobert

12-Jayson Tatum

13-Khris Middleton

14-Joel Embiid

15-Trae Young

16-Hassan Whiteside

17-Ben Simmons

18-Karl-Anthony Towns

19-Bam Adebayo

20-Christian Wood

21-Kyle Lowry

22-Montrezl Harrell

23-Kemba Walker

24-Paul George

25-Nikola Vucevic

Some names that people might consider outliers in the top 25 include Hassan Whiteside, Christian Wood and Montrezl Harrell. Some have wondered if a lot of the catch-alls favor bigs over wings and guards. Box plus/minus was certainly this way, until a midseason overhaul. But of course, here we are with those three in the top 25. When you look at their basic numbers, though, including raw plus/minus, it’s a little easier to understand.

26-Pascal Siakam

27-Danilo Gallinari

28-Eric Bledsoe

29-Jonas Valanciunas/Jrue Holiday

31-Devin Booker

32-Domantas Sabonis

33-Kristaps Porzingis

34-Ivica Zubac

35-Bradley Beal

36-Steven Adams

37-Russell Westbrook/Spencer Dinwiddie

39-Brandon Ingram

40-Mitchell Robinson

41-Jarrett Allen

42-Donte DiVincenzo

43-CJ McCollum

44-Ricky Rubio

45-Shai Gilgeous-Alexander

46-Fred VanVleet

47-George Hill

48-Gordon Hayward

49-Jamal Murray

50-Devonte' Graham

This crop includes plenty of up-and-comers. Pascal Siakam, Devin Booker, Domantas Sabonis, Kristaps Porzingis, Brandon Ingram, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and several others here are still a few years shy of their primes. The league’s future seems about as bright as it has ever been.

51-Brandon Clarke

52-Will Barton

53-Dennis Schroöder

54-Tobias Harris

55-Zach LaVine

56-John Collins

57-Jordan Clarkson

58-Tim Hardaway

59-Donovan Mitchell

60-Clint Capela

61-Derrick Favors

62-Daniel Theis

63-De'Aaron Fox

64-Kyrie Irving

65-Al Horford

66-Malcolm Brogdon/Nerlens Noel

68-Jaylen Brown

69-Buddy Hield

70-Davis Bertans

71-Derrick Rose

72-Jakob Poeltl

73-Bojan Bogdanovic/Norman Powell

75-Enes Kanter

This is another section of the list that seems to be artificially boosting big men, including Enes Kanter and Nerlens Noel. Jordan Clarkson finishing ahead of teammate Donovan Mitchell catches the eye, as well.

76-Duncan Robinson

77-JaVale McGee

78-Kevin Love

79-Robert Covington

80-Marcus Smart

81-DeAndre Jordan

82-Brook Lopez

83-Lonzo Ball

84-Larry Nance

85-Patrick Beverley

86-Terence Davis

87-Joe Ingles

88-Richaun Holmes

89-Evan Fournier

90-Ja Morant

91-Derrick White

92-Patty Mills

93-LaMarcus Aldridge

94-D'Angelo Russell

95-Andre Drummond

96-Lou Williams

97-Mikal Bridges

98-Paul Millsap

99-Zion Williamson

100-Chris Boucher

The Toronto Raptors have assumed the San Antonio Spurs’ spot as the team that is best at identifying and developing talent that comes from outside the lottery. Terence Davis and Chris Boucher, both in this final group, went undrafted before making key contributions to the 2019-20 Raptors.

Another placement of note in this section is Zion Williamson’s. The fact that he got in when half of this is based on cumulative numbers is remarkable. He only appeared in 19 games and logged 565 minutes this season. If you sort everyone by the average of their ranks in only the rate numbers, Zion comes in at No. 22.

Of course, this shouldn’t be considered dispositive. It’s just one way to look at how individual players performed this season. As far as a baseline goes, though, it does pass the smell test. The top 15 feels especially accurate.

Again, the chances of any of this shifting again appear to be getting slimmer by the day. Chances are, the 2019-20 season is over. If it is, consider this your rough guide to which individual players were best.


Follow me on Twitter. 
Andy Bailey
Andy Bailey

I am a writer, podcaster and attorney. Listen to my podcast, Hardwood Knocks, wherever podcasts are found. And follow me on Twitter: @AndrewDBailey. Since 2010, I have… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

Kristin Stoller
Kristin StollerForbes Staff
Billionaires
Got my mind on your money.
There are 234 women on this year’s list, and a familiar face returns as the world’s richest woman.



With turbulent markets and even more tumultuous times,  just over half of the 234 women on the new Forbes list of the World’s Billionaires are worth less than a year ago. Alice Walton, however, bucked that trend. An heir to part of the Walmart fortune, she ranks as the richest woman in the world this year, up from second richest last year. She’s worth an estimated $54.4 billion — $10 billion more than a year ago. She swaps with L'Oréal heiress Francoise Bettencourt Meyers, who’s the second richest woman on the 2020 list. Forbes used stock prices and exchange rates from March 18, 2020 to calculate the net worths.

Among the women at the top of the list, BMW heiress Susanne Klatten took one of the biggest net worth hits amid the coronavirus-induced stock market slide. Shares of BMW fell by more than a third since January, helping to push Klatten’s net worth down to $16.8 billion, $4 billion less than a year ago. In the U.S., Las Vegas billionaire Elaine Wynn’s fortune decreased 33% from last year, as shares of Wynn Resorts fell dramatically in the past few months. But others, like Zhong Huijuan, chairwoman of Chinese drugmaker Hansoh Pharmaceutical, are worth significantly more than a year ago. In June 2019, Hansoh raised $1 billion in its Hong Kong initial public offering and shares rose more than 25% since then. Zhong is worth $14.6 billion.

This year, 234 women made the list, down from 244 last year. As a group, the women on the list are worth $927.4 billion. Despite the recent economic instability, they are collectively $29.4 billion richer than last year. An additional seven women share their fortunes this year with either their husband, child or sibling, down from nine women who shared their fortunes last year.






Nineteen women are new to the list. Of these, the richest newcomer is Julia Koch, who inherited her husband David Koch’s fortune after he died in August 2019.  Another notable newcomer: MacKenzie Bezos, who gained her fortune after finalizing her divorce with the world’s richest man, Jeff Bezos, last summer.

Also new to the list is Neerja Sethi, who cofounded IT consulting and outsourcing firm Syntel with her husband Bharat Desai. Sethi is one of the 67 self-made women who appeared on this year’s list, down slightly from 68 self-made women last year. Joining her is self-made newcomer Qian Ying, who cofounded Shenzhen-listed Muyuan Foods with her husband Qin Yinglin. Shares of Muyuan Foods, a pig breeder and processor, nearly tripled in the past year, bringing her net worth to $1.4 billion.

Here are the top 10 richest women in the world; Net worths are as of March 18, 2020.


1-LeftNumber960
ALICE WALTON
NET WORTH: $54.4 BILLION
COUNTRY: UNITED STATES
SOURCE OF WEALTH: WALMART
Alice Walton 
Alice Walton TIM PANNELL FOR FORBES
The only daughter of Walmart founder Sam Walton reclaims her title this year as the richest woman in the world, after losing that spot to L'Oréal heiress Francoise Bettencourt Meyers in 2019. Despite recent market turbulence, Walton has seen her fortune increase 23% since last year. Walton, who does not have a role at Walmart, is helping to lead a program at the Walton family foundation that will issue $300 million in bonds to help charter schools invest in and renovate facilities.



2-LeftNumber960
FRANCOISE BETTENCOURT MEYERS & FAMILY
NET WORTH: $48.9 BILLION
COUNTRY: FRANCE
SOURCE OF WEALTH: L'OREAL
Liliane Bettencourt Prize For ?L'Intelligence De La Main?
2019 BERTRAND RINDOFF PETROFF
The granddaughter of L'Oréal founder Eugène Schueller became France's reigning L'Oreal heiress in 2017 after her mother Liliane Bettencourt, then the world's richest woman, died at age 94. Bettencourt Meyers’ fortune has declined $400 million since last year’s list amid the coronavirus pandemic, as shares of the cosmetics giant dropped 12% in the first two weeks of March. In March, the company announced that its factories would start making hand sanitizer to support the needs of French and European health authorities.



3-LeftNumber960
JULIA KOCH & FAMILY
NET WORTH: $38.2 BILLION
COUNTRY: UNITED STATES
SOURCE OF WEALTH: KOCH INDUSTRIES
Julia Koch
COURTESY OF JULIA KOCH
New to this year’s list, Koch joined the billionaire ranks after she and her three children inherited a 42% stake in Koch Industries from her husband, David, who died in August 2019 at age 79. A native Iowan, Koch moved to New York City in the 1980s and worked as an assistant to fashion designer Adolfo.



4-LeftNumber960
MACKENZIE BEZOS 
NET WORTH: $36 BILLION
COUNTRY: UNITED STATES
SOURCE OF WEALTH: AMAZON.COM
Bezos makes her debut on the list after finalizing her divorce with Amazon founder Jeff Bezos in July 2019; the award-winning novelist received a quarter of her ex-husband’s shares in the e-commerce giant. MacKenzie signed the Giving Pledge, promising to give away at least half of her fortune, in May 2019.



5-LeftNumber960
JACQUELINE MARS 
NET WORTH: $24.7 BILLION
COUNTRY: UNITED STATES
SOURCE OF WEALTH: CANDY, PET FOOD
Mars and her brother, John, each inherited one-third of the $35 billion (sales) candy company known for M&Ms and Milky Way bars. Her late brother Forrest Jr's. four daughters own the rest of Mars, which also has a large pet food and vet care business. Jacqueline Mars worked for the company for nearly 20 years and served on the board until 2016.





6-LeftNumber960
YANG HUIYAN & FAMILY 
NET WORTH: $20.3 BILLION
COUNTRY: CHINA
SOURCE OF WEALTH: REAL ESTATE
The 38-year-old owns 57% and sits on the board of Hong Kong-listed real estate developer Country Garden, which her father founded and chairs. In response to the coronavirus pandemic, the company set up robotic, automated food serving stations in Wuhan (where the virus originated) to feed Chinese medical workers.



7-LeftNumber960
SUSANNE KLATTEN 
NET WORTH: $16.8 BILLION
COUNTRY: GERMANY
SOURCE OF WEALTH: BMW, PHARMACEUTICALS
An heir to carmaker BMW, Klatten has seen her net worth tumble 20% in the past year. As car sales slowed amid the pandemic, BMW’s stock fell 24% in the first half of March. Klatten is also the sole owner and deputy chairman of Altana, a pharmaceutical and specialty chemicals corporation.



8-LeftNumber960
LAURENE POWELL JOBS & FAMILY
NET WORTH: $16.4 BILLION
COUNTRY: UNITED STATES
SOURCE OF WEALTH: APPLE, DISNEY
Laurene Powell Jobs headshot
COURTESY OF LAURENE POWELL JOBS
The widow of late Apple cofounder Steve Jobs (d. 2011), Powell Jobs heads Emerson Collective, a hybrid philanthropic and investing limited liability company she founded in 2016. Speaking about her wealth, Powell Jobs told the New York Times in February, “I’m not interested in legacy wealth buildings, and my children know that. Steve wasn’t interested in that. If I live long enough, it ends with me.” Her fortune is down $2.2 billion from last year in part due to a decline in Disney’s share price, but also because Forbes got better insight into her total assets.



9-LeftNumber960
ZHONG HUIJUAN
NET WORTH: $14.6 BILLION
COUNTRY: CHINA
SOURCE OF WEALTH: PHARMACEUTICALS
Zhong chairs Chinese drugmaker Hansoh Pharmaceutical, which produces oncology, psychoactive, anti-diabetic and other drugs. The stock rose 10% from early January  through mid March, when coronavirus was most prevalent in her home country. Zhong is married to Sun Piaoyang, the billionaire chairman of Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine.



10-LeftNumber960
GINA RINEHART
NET WORTH: $13.1 BILLION
COUNTRY: AUSTRALIA
SOURCE OF WEALTH: MINING
Rinehart, Australia’s richest person, built her fortune on iron ore. The daughter of high profile iron-ore explorer Lang Hancock, she’s chaired mining and agriculture company Hancock Prospecting Group since 1992. Rinehart’s fortune declined by $2 billion in the past year, as the coronavirus pandemic pushed down values in the iron ore industry.

Follow me on Twitter. Send me a secure tip. 
Kristin Stoller
Kristin Stoller
I'm a wealth reporter at Forbes. Before joining Forbes, I reported for the Hartford Courant and the New Haven Register, covering breaking and local news. A Connecticut… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

EDITORS' PICK|64,429 views|Jan 21, 2020,06:00am EST
Who Are The 100 Most Sustainable Companies Of 2020?
Samantha Todd
Samantha ToddForbes Staff
Leadership Strategy
I am an assistant editor at Forbes and write about leadership.
Ørsted's offshore wind farm in Anholt, Denmark
Ørsted's offshore wind farm in Anholt, Denmark. PHOTO COURTESY OF ØRSTED
A ranking of the organizations doing the most to embrace sustainable business practices was revealed Tuesday at the World Economic Forum annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland. Compiled by Canadian research firm Corporate Knights since 2005, the Global 100 list ranks corporations with revenue in excess of $1 billion based on key metrics of sustainability, among them carbon footprint and gender diversity.

Topping this year’s list is Denmark-based renewable energy provider Ørsted. The first electricity company to earn the distinction of No. 1 climbed 69 spots since 2018 thanks, in part, to the way in which it has reinvented its business model over the past decade. “They completely revamped their core business from being a pretty coal-intensive utility to being almost a pure-play renewable power provider,” says Toby Heaps, cofounder and CEO of Corporate Knights.

It’s no wonder that Ørsted topped the list: Divesting in fossil fuels and investing in offshore wind power helped the organization reduce carbon emissions by 83%, and half the company’s Global 100 sustainability score is dependent on revenue earned from products and services that benefit the environment or society. “The transformation has now come to a point where the vast majority of our energy production comes from renewable sources,” says Henrik Poulsen, CEO and president of Ørsted. 

Most Popular In: Leadership Strategy

5 Habits Of Mentally Strong People—Based On Science
Why Are So Many Young People Dying Of Covid-19 In Mexico City?
Hacks For Women To Stand Out On Zoom
The company makes environmental sustainability a priority. “We believe it’s quite urgent that we respond to the climate emergency, and it has been the driving ambition of our company to contribute to a world that runs entirely on green energy,” Poulsen says. “We’ve been quite forceful and had a lot of urgency transforming our company because we fundamentally think it’s time to take real action.” 

As part of its transformation, the business has created 20 sustainability programs, including a decarbonization initiative with a goal of getting Ørsted coal-free by 2023. The company’s offshore wind farms bring green power to more than 13 million people, and the aim is to reach 50 million by 2030.

Nearly half the companies on Corporate Knights’ list are based in Europe (29 are headquartered in North America, while 18 call Asia home), including Chr. Hansen Holding, which this year is No. 2 after claiming the No. 1 spot last year. The Denmark-based bioscience company develops natural solutions for the food, beverage, nutritional, pharmaceutical and agricultural industries. Chr. Hansen uses “good” bacteria to ensure that food stays fresh as it moves from farm to market. 

Rounding out the top three for the second year in a row is Neste Oyj. Some 25% of the Finnish oil refining and marketing company’s revenue comes from its biofuel business, making it a major supplier of renewable jet fuel in Europe, and 38% of the company’s board is made up of women. 

The organizations that make up this list have made significant strides toward sustainability, but there’s still much work to be done, and it’s in their best interest as businesses to do it. “The big takeaway when looking at Ørsted and the other companies doing well is how fast the pace is speeding up in terms of the growth in green, clean markets,” Heaps says. “In this age of climate and carbon constraints and an emerging climate economy, these companies are positioned to succeed.”



Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. Send me a secure tip. 
Samantha Todd
Samantha Todd

I serve as an assistant editor on the Leadership team at Forbes. Previously, I interned with the Echoes-Sentinel and The Bernardsville News where I covered local news and… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

47,695 views|Jan 22, 2020,09:40am EST
America’s Best And Worst Banks 2020
Antoine Gara
Antoine GaraForbes Staff
Banking & Insurance
Federal Reserve Building
The U.S. Federal Reserve building stands in Washington, D.C. Photographer: Brendan ... [+] BLOOMBERG NEWS
Like the U.S. economy and the stock market, banks in America had a great year in 2019. Bank stocks surged over 20%, nearly keeping pace with the S&P 500 Index, and the industry racked up a record $180 billion in profits through the first three quarters of the year. Just 4% of banks nationwide were unprofitable last quarter and problem banks, as defined by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, fell to the lowest level since before the financial crisis.

“2019 was a great year to be a banker,” says Frederick Cannon, director of research at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, an investment bank focused on the financial sector. “The profitability of the banking industry is very strong and it’s strong in a good way. The return on assets is near peak levels.”

At the start of 2019, banks had just ended a 12-month stretch where they hit new highs in profitability, fueled by President Trump’s tax cuts and the Federal Reserve’s hiking of interest rates, which helped to fatten bottom line profits. But bank stocks and the broader market languished in 2018 after one of the sharpest December selloffs on record. In response, the Fed not only paused its interest rate hikes, it cut rates three times over the course 2019 as the Fed funds rate fell from 2.25-to-2.5% to 1.5%-to-1.75%.

The rate cuts crimped some interest rate-sensitive profit centers for large lenders, especially America’s biggest consumer and trust banks. (Banks generate most of their money by capturing a spread between the interest they earn on loans they make versus the interest they pay out to depositors.) But the cuts added new fuel to a decade-long bull market. U.S. stock markets returned 29% in 2019, propelled by low rates and record low unemployment. That economic backdrop proved to be a good balance for banking CEOs, who didn’t have to worry about an imminent turn in the economy.

Most Popular In: Banking & Insurance

Energy Companies Comprise Over 25% Of Total U.S. Corporate Defaults
Over Half Of Rated Company Defaulters Are Owned By Private Equity Firms
Improving Cross-Border Payments Is Critical To Support Global Economic Growth, Trade And Financial Inclusion
Click here for the full list of America’s Best Banks.
“The cutting cycle appears to have stabilized the economy and thus the credit of banks,” says KBW’s Cannon. “While I think bankers may rue the fact that the Fed went the other way on its rate hikes, it is more important for bank investors and bankers that the economy remains stable and we avoid credit losses.”

There are more than 5,000 banks and savings institutions in the U.S., but assets are increasingly concentrated at the top. The 100 largest have $14.4 trillion in assets, representing 81% of total U.S. bank assets. Asset quality and profitability vary wildly among those institutions. With that in mind, Forbes examined the financial data to gauge America’s Best Banks.

Born out of the financial crisis of the late 2000s, this is the eleventh-straight year Forbes enlisted S&P Global Market Intelligence for data regarding the growth, credit quality and profitability of the 100 largest publicly-traded banks and thrifts by assets. The ten metrics used in the rankings are based on regulatory filings through September 30. The data is courtesy of S&P, but the rankings are done solely by Forbes.

Metrics include return on average tangible common equity, return on average assets, net interest margin, efficiency ratio and net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans. Forbes also factored in nonperforming assets as a percentage of assets, CET1 ratio, risk-based capital ratio and reserves as a percentage of nonperforming assets. The final component is operating revenue growth. We excluded banks where the top-level parent is based outside the U.S.

CVB Financial, the parent company of Citizens Business Bank, usurped Arkansas-based Home BancShares as the top-rated bank in America. The Ontario, California-based small business lender was in the top-20 across every metric Forbes tracked, and it shone brightest in its efficiency ratio (40%), operating revenue growth (42%) and posted a negative net charge off ratio. The median bank on Forbes’ list, by contrast, had a 57% efficiency ratio, posted operating growth of just 5.4%, and experienced a charge off rate of 0.17% of average loans. CVB, founded in 1974 and with over $11 billion in assets and over 50 branches across the state of California, has seen profits rise for 170 consecutive quarters.

The top three banks on Forbes’ Best Banks list all came from California, with Santa Clara-based SVB Financial placing #2 and Irvine-based Pacific Premier Bancorp placing #3. Home BancShares, which had been the top-rated bank for two years running, placed #4.

Smaller banks and those focused on commercial lending continued to dominate the top levels of the Forbes Best Banks list. No bank inside the top-20 had more than $100 billion in assets. Rounding out the top-10 were Muncie, Indiana-based First Merchants (#5), Phoenix-based Western Alliance Bancorp (#6), Wheeling, West Virginia-based WesBanco (#7), Houston-based Prosperity Bancorp (#8), Kalispell, Montana-based Glacier Bancorp (#9) and DeWitt, New York-based Community Bank System.

“Relationships matter and middle market lending. The small and mid-cap banks have an exceptionally good ability to create personal relationships with their clients,” says KBW’s Cannon, who adds, “commercial banking is a deposit rich endeavor. The middle market lenders still have excellent access to low-cost deposits.”

Consolidation played a role in 2019 as BB&T and SunTrust Bank closed a $66 billion merger in December. Ranked #59 and #94 in 2018 respectively, the merged bank, now called Truist Financial, ranked #46 in our newest ranking.

The Big Four of U.S. banking—JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup and Wells Fargo—have a combined $9.1 trillion in assets, or more than half the U.S. total. Among these big banks, performance was strong with most firms gaining on the Best Banks list, led by balance sheet strength, efficiency gains and high credit quality.

JPMorgan returned to the top half of our ranking, placing #42, up nine spots. The financial metrics of the nation’s biggest bank generally improved over the past 12-months and outpacing its big bank competition meaningfully. The Jamie Dimon-led firm scores best for its 18% return on tangible common equity, placing #13 overall, and for its strong capital ratios. In the fourth quarter, JPMorgan’s 31% consumer banking return on equity, propelled the firm forward.

“The U.S. consumer continues to be in a strong position, and we see the benefits of this across our consumer businesses,” Dimon said in a Jan 14. earnings release. “The robust holiday season was reflected in our card sales volumes and loan balances, up 10% and 8%, respectively.” JPMorgan’s investment bank also posted a solid 14% RoE, which outperformed out-performed Wall Street peers like Goldman Sachs and its 10% RoE.

Bank of America climbed 18 spots to land at #71 on due to across the board strength. Its efficiency, asset quality and high risk-based capital ratio all placed in the top half of Forbes’ rankings, while the firm’s 15.3% return on average total common equity placed #51. Citigroup was also a gainer, rising four spots to #76 and performing best in credit metrics like risk-based capital, reserve coverage, and asset quality.

However, Wells Fargo continued to fall in Forbes’ rankings in the wake of a 2016 fake accounts scandal that has cost the bank billions, the departure of two CEOs, and prompted a Federal Reserve sanction against asset growth. Wells dropped two spots in 2019, placing #87. In October, the San Francisco-based lender appointed former Visa and Bank of New York Mellon head Charles Scharf as its CEO after a lengthy search process, but its recent earnings underscore the challenge ahead. In the fourth quarter, profits at Wells plunged 50%-plus and revenues dropped 5% to below $20 billion.

“We came out of the financial crisis as the most valuable and most respected bank in the US. But as you know, we made some terrible mistakes and have not effectively addressed our shortcomings. These circumstances have led to financial underperformance,” said Scharf on a Jan. 14 conference call with investors. “But we have one of the most enviable financial services franchises in the world and employees that want to do what's necessary to again be one of the most respected and successful banks in the US.”

Over the past 12-months, JPMorgan’s stock surged 34% and Citigroup rose 30%, both beating the 26% total return of the S&P 500. Banks of America returned 20%, while Wells Fargo was a major laggard. Its shares have fallen over the past year, but dividend payments mean the lender posted a 1.7% total return.

While rising dividends and buybacks continue to be a catalyst for banks stocks, the Federal Reserve’s decision to cut interest rates does present a problem.

uncaptioned
Their already anemic net interest margins are heading lower. As JPMorgan’s stock surged in 2019, its NIM opened the year at 2.55%, but closed at 2.38%. The bank placed #94 overall on interest margins. Other potential 2020 headwinds include new accounting regulations from the Financial Accounting Standards Board surrounding credit loss methodologies.

Rounding out the top-100 was Wyomissing, Pennsylvania-based Customers Bancorp, a commercial and consumer bank created in 2009 to clean up a failing bank and do FDIC-assisted deals. Now with $11.7 billion in assets and a presence along the I-95 corridor from Washington, DC to Boston, it placed in the top half on most credit quality metrics, with lower than average net charge-offs, non-performing assets and higher reserve ratios, but was in the bottom decile on most profitability metrics.


Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. Send me a secure tip. 
Antoine Gara
Antoine Gara

I’m a staff writer and associate editor at Forbes, where I cover finance and investing. My beat includes hedge funds, private equity, fintech, mutual funds, mergers, and… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

33,312 views|Dec 30, 2019,12:42pm EST
Top 100 Apps Of 2019: Netflix, Uber, Spotify, Google Pay, Wish, And More
John Koetsier
John KoetsierSenior Contributor
Consumer Tech
John Koetsier is a journalist, analyst, author, and speaker.
Two of Uber’s apps are category leaders. Spotify wins in music, a water-drinking app is the top health and fitness app of 2019, and — of course — Facebook owns five of the top 10 apps in the social/messaging category. (Facebook also owns four of the top 10 most downloaded apps of the decade.)

One shocker:

There’s a more popular battle royale game than both PUBG and Fortnite, which seem to capture all the headlines in that category.

100 most popular and most downloaded apps of 2019
100 most popular and most downloaded apps of 2019 APPTOPIA
Those are just a few of the insights from app analytics company Apptopia’s list of the most downloaded apps of 2019 in each of ten categories.

Most Popular In: Consumer Tech

Will Garmin Pay $10m Ransom To End Two-Day Outage?
Chinese Drone App Hid Ability To Collect Data, Install Apps, Phone Home To Sina Weibo
What’s The Best Browser For Netflix? (Clue: It’s Not Google Chrome)
Apptopia isn’t providing exact download counts for all apps, but Gareena Free Fire hit 266.9 million installs to become the most-downloaded game of the year. And one of the most-downloaded apps of the year, of course. If you’ve never heard of it, that’s probably because you don’t live in Asia or South America.

“Garena’s Free Fire takes the number one spot as a battle royale game not named PUBG or Fortnite,” Apptopia’s VP of insights Adam Blacker says. “The game is very popular in India, Brazil and Indonesia.”

The one category that sees more downloads, at least among the top apps, is social/messaging.

A massive story there is WhatsApp, owned by Facebook.

See the whole interview here:


The once Europe-focused messaging app is spreading globally. Once almost unknown in the U.S., it’s becoming more common in North America, and had a massive app-ecosystem-leading 759.4 million downloads in 2019 according to Apptopia’s estimate. This app is now Facebook’s fastest-growing large platform ... so much so that its runaway growth might have been a catalyst for Facebook’s recently-announced rebrand, which will make the “Facebook” name more prominent in its apps, including WhatsApp.

The app most likely to have have given WhatsApp a run for its money is TikTok.

“We estimate TikTok to have 682.2 million downloads in 2019 and this does not include third party Android stores like those commonly found in China,” Blacker says.

I’d argue that TikTok is not really a social/messaging app but an entertainment app, and that it competes not so much with social apps in terms of social engagement as much as it competes with them in terms of time ... just as it competes with Netflix and YouTube.

Netflix handily wins its category with 236.6 million downloads, which bodes well for the big-spending media company’s 2020 monetization.

Streaming video or OTT companies often focus customer acquisition on mobile devices because they can track that marketing spend and result in a very granular way. And, because the connection between mobile ad and app install is virtually instant, there’s less drop-off compared to traditional advertising driving sign-ups on a smart TV app.

Spotify wins music, and one of its major competitors, Apple Music, didn’t even make the top 10 list. (Although Apple’s Shazam, a trojan horse for Apple Music, did.)

Interestingly, Google’s YouTube Music was the second-most-downloaded music and audio app, and Amazon Music made the list at number 10.

But music is becoming a winner-takes-all battle:

“The lineup here is almost exactly the same as the 2018 lineup,” Blacker says. “Spotify and YouTube Music are the clear leaders here as there is a big gap between them and numbers three to 10. If we add Spotify and YouTube Music's downloads together, they come in just shy of the combined downloads of numbers 3-10.”

In finance, Google is winning India, Apptopia says.

Google Pay was the most-downloaded finance app as Google tries to use a mobile-centric market without a local incumbent like China’s WeChat to become a go-to player in financial transactions. That’s a powerful place for a search provider and advertiser to live. Its major competitor there: Walmart, which owns PhonePe and achieve the number three slot in finance app downloads.

The oddest result for me?

Drink Water Reminder was the most-downloaded health and fitness app, with 40.5 million downloads. I didn’t expect an app like that to be the most popular of 2019.

Worth noting: Chinese everything-digital manufacturer Xiaomi captured second place with Mi Fit, an app that pairs with its Mi Band, a fitness band that tracks your activity, analyzes sleep, and evaluates your workouts, competing in the same space as Fitbit and Apple Watch.

And, in the always-in-the-top-10 category, Subway Surfers now has over 1.5 billion lifetime downloads and was second in the Games category.

Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. Check out my website or some of my other work here. 
John Koetsier
John Koetsier
I forecast and analyze trends affecting the mobile ecosystem. I've been a journalist, analyst, and corporate executive, and have chronicled the rise of the mobile… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

23,895 views|Dec 12, 2019,01:18pm EST
Top 100 Registered Investment Advisors (RIAs) Of 2019 By Assets
Julie Cooling
Julie CoolingContributor
Wealth Management
I cover financial advisors and investment firms.
RIA Channel Top 100 Wealth Managers 2019
RIA Channel Top 100 Wealth Managers 2019 RIA CHANNEL, LLC
RIA Channel is pleased to announce their 2019 RIA Channel Top 100 Wealth Managers Ranking. This year’s unique ranking showcases wealth management firms based on their size and growth in assets. RIA Channel has been ranking RIA Wealth Managers for Forbes for over 10 years! Additional details can be found here.

Methodology:

RIA Channel ranked the Top 100 RIA firms of 2019 based on a proprietary set of criteria and data. The ranking is based on both size and growth in assets. RIA Database (RIADatabase.com) was used for regulatory data, organic research, and advisor surveys. We recognize these firms as leaders in their field and congratulate them on their success.

1 Plante Moran

2 Appleton Partners

3 Personal Capital

4 Wealth Enhancement

Most Popular In: Wealth Management

5 Carson Wealth

6 Sawtooth Solutions

7 Summit Trail Advisors

8 Steward Partners

9 Independent Advisor Alliance

10 RegentAtlantic

11 Dowling & Yahnke

12 EP Wealth Advisors

13 Ropes Wealth Advisors

14 The Mather Group

15 Johnson Wealth

16 Blooom

17 Strategic Wealth Advisors Group

18 SignatureFD

19 BKD Wealth Advisors

20 Camden Capital

21 AFS Advisors

22 Crescent Grove Advisors

23 AdvicePeriod

24 Focus Financial

25 Aureus Asset Management

26 Prime Buchholz

27 TFO Phoenix

28 LAMCO

29 SVA Wealth Management

30 Smith Shellnut Wilson

31 Mainstay Capital

32 GWM Advisors

33 Strategic Capital Allocation Group

34 Foresters Advisory Services

35 Douglass Winthrop Advisors

36 Parallel Advisors

37 Sanctuary Advisors

38 F. L. Putnam

39 Pure Financial Advisors

40 Annex Wealth Management

41 Argi Investment Services

42 CBIZ InR

43 Private Ocean

44 Retirement Wealth Advisors

45 InterOcean Capital

46 Raub Brock

47 Mission Wealth Management

48 Mutual Advisors

49 JNB Advisors

50 Three Bell Capital

51 Paratus Financial

52 Merit Financial Advisors

53 Wealthplan Partners

54 Chicago Partners Investment Group

55 Heritage Wealth Advisors

56 Fiduciary Investment Advisors

57 Colony Family Offices

58 Aldrich Wealth

59 Chicago Capital

60 Biltmore Family Office

61 Legacy One Financial Advisors

62 Legacy Advisors

63 Sendero Wealth Management

64 Deroy & Devereaux

65 Dynamic Wealth Advisors

66 Great Valley Advisor Group

67 Wellspring Financial Advisors

68 Miracle Mile Advisors

69 The Clarius Group

70 Sentry Advisors

71 Glassman Wealth Services

72 Greenwich Wealth Management

73 Integrated Wealth Concepts

74 Osborn Williams & Donohoe

75 Stearns Financial Group

76 IHT Wealth Management

77 DT Investment Partners

78 Rubinbrown Advisors

79 360 Wealth Management

80 Sandhill Investment Management

81 Altium Wealth Management

82 Tom Johnson Investment Management

83 Magnus Financial Group

84 Apexium Financial

85 Lakeside Wealth Management Group

86 Kunath Karren Rinne & Atkin

87 Acorns

88 Townsquare Capital

89 Efficient Advisors

90 BSW Wealth Partners

91 Beaird Harris

92 NCA Financial Planners

93 Wealthquest Corporation

94 Integrated Advisors Network

95 Human Investing

96 Ulrich Investment Consultants

97 Joel R. Mogy Investment Counsel

98 Ritholtz Wealth Management

99 UMA Financial Services

100 Hardy Reed

RIA Database (RIADatabase.com) has been ranking wealth managers for twelve years, and has provided criteria, data and research for lists featured in both Forbes Magazine and Fortune Magazine. RIA Database was also the core provider for rankings for InvestmentNews quarterly rankings for more than four years. Other publishers have featured RIA Database rankings including Financial Planning, Inside ETFs, Forbes.com and other financial industry publishers.

The 2019 Top RIA Wealth Manager Ranking was based on size and growth criteria. Firms were identified and ranked using proprietary quantitative and qualitative methodologies. Assets under management are as reported to the SEC as of November 15, 2019. Go to https://www.RIAChannel.com for more information.

Check out my website. 
Julie Cooling
Julie Cooling
I’m an entrepreneur. I have created the TOP ADVISOR LISTS for Forbes. I founded RIA Channel (www.RIAChannel.com), Database (www.RIADatabase.com),Broker Database, Family… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

20,174 views|Dec 17, 2019,11:54am EST
These Are The 100 Best Restaurants In America, According to OpenTable Diners
Melissa Kravitz Hoeffner
Melissa Kravitz HoeffnerContributor
Travel
Girl & THe Goat 
Girl & The Goat in Chicago GIRL & THE GOAT
End-of-year best-of lists may be precious to critics, but the people have also spoken on the restaurants that kept them coming back in 2019. Data may not always equate to taste, but OpenTable’s frequently booked and highly rated restaurants are popular for a reason.

“Whether a restaurant has received national accolades or is built on local fanfare, our Top 100 reflects diners’ favorite culinary experiences across the country,” Andrea Johnston, COO at OpenTable, said in a news release. “What ultimately ties these restaurants together is their excellent hospitality paired with incredible dishes, which is why diners are applauding them with rave reviews.” 

 Below, OpenTable’s top 100 restaurants across America for 2019:

Acquerello - San Francisco, California 

Addison Restaurant - San Diego, California 

Ambra - Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Most Popular In: Travel

Here Are The New Rules For Air Travel After The Pandemic
How Australia Is Outraged As Nicole Kidman, Hollywood Celebrities Dodge Hotel Quarantine
School’s Back In Session: How Graduate Hotels Is Prioritizing Safety For Students And Guests
Anjelica's Restaurant - Sea Bright, New Jersey

Antebellum - Flowery Branch, Georgia 

The Artichoke Restaurant & Bar - Vinita, Oklahoma

Artisan - Elkhart, Indiana 

Arturo Boada Cuisine - Houston, Texas

Atera - New York, New York

Bar Mingo - Portland, Oregon

Barrique Venice - Venice, California 

Benu - San Francisco, California 

Bibou - Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Birdsong - San Francisco, California 

Bistro 31 - Dallas, Texas

Bistro Barbes - Denver, Colorado

Bistro Daisy - New Orleans, Louisiana 

Bites at The Ritz-Carlton, Naples - Naples, Florida

BOCA - Cincinnati, Ohio 

Brassica Kitchen - Boston, Massachusetts

Brewery Bhavana - Raleigh, North Carolina 

Buccan - Palm Beach, Florida

Bull & Bear Steakhouse - Orlando, Florida 

Cafe Monarch - Scottsdale, Arizona

Cafe Provence - Prairie Village, Kansas

Carlos' Bistro - Colorado Springs, Colorado

Chimney Park - Windsor, Colorado

Clark's Oyster Bar - Austin, Texas 

Collage Restaurant - St. Augustine, Florida

Crawford & Son - Raleigh, North Carolina

The Crossing - Clayton, Missouri

CRUST - Miami, Florida 

The Dock - Newport Beach, California

Double Knot - Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Eatt - Las Vegas, Nevada

Elizabeth's Gone Raw - Washington, D.C.

The Family Jones Spirit House - Denver, Colorado

Fishing With Dynamite - Manhattan Beach, California 

Geronimo - Santa Fe, New Mexico

Girl & the Goat - Chicago, Illinois

Guiso Latin Fusion - Healdsburg, California 

Hachi - Carson, California 

Hannas Prime Steak - Rancho Santa Margarita, California 

Holdfast Dining - Portland, Oregon 

Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab - Multiple Locations*   

Joel Robuchon - MGM Grand - Las Vegas, Nevada 

Kai | Sheraton Grand at Wild Horse Pass - Phoenix, Arizona 

Kendall-Jackson Wine Estate & Gardens - Fulton, California

Kenzo Napa - Napa, California 

The Kitchen Restaurant - Sacramento, California 

Krave Restaurant - Tequesta, Florida

KUSAKABE - San Francisco, California

L'Auberge Chez Francois - Great Falls, Virginia

L’ATELIER de Joël Robuchon - New York, New York

Lahaina Grill - Lahaina, Hawaii 

Le Diplomate - Washington, D.C.

Le Yaca - Virginia Beach, Virginia

The Little Owl - New York, New York 

Mabel Gray - Hazel Park, Michigan

Mama's Fish House - Paia, Hawaii 

Maple & Ash - Chicago, Illinois

Mercato Stellina Pizzeria - Bellevue, Washington

NANCY - St. Simons Island, Georgia 

NoJa - Mobile, Alabama

Noord - Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Ocean 44 - Scottsdale, Arizona

Olce Pizza Grille - Cedars, Pennsylvania 

Oriole - Chicago, Illinois

Partage - Las Vegas, Nevada

Petrossian Restaurant & Boutique - West Hollywood, California 

Phoenicia - Birmingham, Michigan

Quince - San Francisco, California 

Rainbow Palace - Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

The Restaurant at Convict Lake - Mammoth Lakes, California 

The Restaurant at Gideon Ridge - Blowing Rock, North Carolina 

Restaurant Guy Savoy - Caesars Palace - Las Vegas, Nevada

Riccardo Trattoria - Chicago, Illinois

Rosmarino Osteria Italiana - Newberg, Oregon

RPM Steak - Chicago, Illinois

Scalini Fedeli - New York, New York 

Seven Hills - San Francisco, California 

Sotto - Cincinnati, Ohio 

St. Anselm - Washington, D.C.

St. Francis Winery & Vineyards - Santa Rosa, California 

Steak 44 - Phoenix, Arizona

Steve & Cookie's By the Bay - Margate, New Jersey 

Sushi House - Leawood, Kansas

Sushi Kaito - New York, New York

Table 128 Bistro + Bar - Clive, Iowa

The Table at Season To Taste - Cambridge, Massachusetts

Tallulah Wine Bar and Bistro - Birmingham, Michigan

Tempura Matsui - New York, New York 

Terrapin Creek Cafe & Restaurant - Bodega Bay, California 

Terzo - San Francisco, California 

The WineSellar & Brasserie - San Diego, California 

Tomo Sushi & Ramen - Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Two Fish - Haddonfield, New Jersey

Vernick Coffee Bar - Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Willow Restaurant - Portland, Oregon 

Yopparai - New York, New York

 

Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. Check out my website. 
Melissa Kravitz Hoeffner
Melissa Kravitz Hoeffner
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

17,685 views|Jan 7, 2020,08:00am EST
Top 100 Places To Eat In The United States, According To Yelp
Melissa Kravitz Hoeffner
Melissa Kravitz HoeffnerContributor
Travel
Forma Pasta Factory
Forma Pasta Factory's Spaghetti con le Sarde with sardines, roasted red onion, fennel fronds and ... [+] FORMA PASTA FACTORY
Ready to feast on a 2020 bucket list? Yelp’s data science team already built it for you.

The restaurant review, reservation and delivery app reviewed top restaurants by ratings and number of reviews in 2019 across the U.S., with representation based on each place’s share of top-rated restaurants nationally. The list is then curated with the expertise of Yelp community managers around the country to finalize the rankings, with the goal of creating a list as quirky, interesting and unique as the Yelp community itself.

That is, the list isn’t full of exclusive, expensive, elitist eateries, but rather rampant with smaller, more casual and innovative concepts that draw crowds (but not necessarily professional critics. There are plenty of big name, famous restaurants nationwide food magazine subscribers are familiar with, but this list aims to introduce Americans to a new slew of tasty spaces.

"Yelp’s Top 100 Places to Eat in the United States list is more accessible than a list of all fine dining establishments and really reflects the uniqueness of the Yelp community,” Yelp's Trend Expert Tara Lewis says. “From food trucks to fine dining, and vegan Mexican fare to deli sandwiches, this year’s list truly reflects Yelp’s ability to help you find a great local restaurant, no matter your budget or mood."

Whether you’re eager to dine on a white tablecloth or stand outside a gyro truck, here are Yelp’s top restaurants across America for 2020:  

Shawarma Guys - San Diego, CA
Pisces Poke & Ramen - Los Angeles, CA ?
Farmbird - Washington DC
Burgerama - Valley Village, CA
Cocina Madrigal - Phoenix, AZ ? ?
Fratellino - Coral Gables, FL
Yardie Spice - Homestead, FL
Sweet Rice - Gardena, CA
Soichi Sushi - San Diego, CA ?
Pikul Thai Bistro - Fairfield, CA ?
Kahuku Farms - Kahuku, HI
Shish Ke Baba - San Francisco, CA 
The Fuel Shack - San Clemente, CA
PorkChop & Bubba's BBQ - Bakersfield, CA
Roundhouse Deli - Roseville, CA
Tommy Tamale Market & Cafe - Grapevine, TX ?
SP Brazilian Steakhouse - Lakeway, TX
Kra Z Kai’s Laotian Barbeque - Corona, CA ?
Karved - Las Vegas, NV ?
Southern Charm Cafe - Cape Canaveral, FL
Gino's Deli Stop N Buy - San Antonio, TX
Craft Pita - Houston, TX
Taneda Sushi in Kaiseki - Seattle, WA ?
Mumbo Gumbo PDX - Portland, OR ?
Garlic Yuzu - Las Vegas, NV 
Mr bibi - Oceanside, CA
Bulegreen Cafe Yard - Oakland Park, FL
Sky Rocket Burger - Dallas, TX
Scotty's Cafe - Columbus, OH
The Aussie Grind - Frisco, TX
Greek Unique - Ashburn, VA
Yahya's Mediterranean Grill & Pastries - Denver, CO
Nini's Deli - Chicago, IL
Lewis Barbecue - Charleston, SC
Daybreak Pleasant Street - Gainesville, FL
Otis - Brooklyn, NY
ACHILLES - Santa Clara, CA ?
Gotta B Crepes - Evanston, IL
Taqueria La Familia - Denver, CO ?
Hometown Cafe & Poké Bar - Providence, RI ?
Zaap Thai - Portland, OR
Asiana Thai & Sushi - Cincinnati, OH
Selam Ethiopian & Eritrean Cuisine - Orlando, FL ?
Chellas Arepa Kitchen - Lancaster, PA ?
New Mexico Tamale Co - Ferndale, WA
German Knoodle - St. Petersburg, FL ?
Kuji Asian Grill - Woodland, CA
Bombay River - Red Bank, NJ ?
Carmelina's - Boston, MA ?
Arario Midtown - Reno, NV
Indo - St. Louis, MO
The Curry Pizza Company 2 - Fresno, CA ?
Barista Del Barrio - Tucson, AZ
Korai Kitchen - Jersey City, NJ ?
310 Eatery - Albany, CA
Dia De Los Takos - Albuquerque, NM
Healthy Substance - Chicago, IL
Forma Pasta Factory - Brooklyn, NY
Flight Restaurant & Wine Bar - Memphis, TN
Croby's Urban Viddles - Charlottesville, VA
Mr. Pollo - Pensacola, FL
Yassin's Falafel House - Knoxville, TN
The Local Wood Fired Grill - Alpharetta, GA
Hold Fast Kitchen and Spirits - New York, NY
Tibbitts @ Fern Hill - Tacoma, WA
Acevedo's Hawaicano Cafe - Kahului, HI
Tuna Kahuna - Burlingame, CA
Joe's Kansas City Bar-B-Que - Kansas City, KS
Hawaii Poke Bowl - Eagan, MN ?
Trattoria 360 - Campbell, CA
Porque No? Tacos - Oakland, CA
Stella's - Richmond, VA
Indian Gardens Cafe & Market - Sedona, AZ
Noodle Man - Virginia Beach, VA
Peck Peck Korean Style Chicken - Teaneck, NJ 
Pruller Restaurant - Marlborough, MA
Jackie M's & Son - Augusta, GA
JJ's Caffe - Brockton, MA
Odd Duck - Milwaukee WI
Chez Genèse - Greensboro, NC
Otaru Sushi Bar - New Haven, CT
Fox & Fig - Savannah, GA
The Box & Burgers Eatery - Kirkland, WA
Yummy Pollo - Louisville, KY ?
El Bocado - Philadelphia, PA
Inizio - Buffalo, NY
MOZZ - Provo, UT
Bae Bae's Kitchen - Pittsburgh, PA ?
Alleia - Chattanooga, TN  ?
Yannis Golden Gyros - Indianapolis, IN
Sunny Point Café - Asheville, NC
Wright's Barbecue - Johnson, AR
Banh Mi Brothers - Charlotte, NC ?
Ten/6 - Coeur d’Alene, ID
Los Primos Tex Mex & Grill - Rockville, MD  ?
Plank Seafood Provisions - Omaha, NE
Cafe Kacao - Oklahoma City, OK   ?
MAKS Asian Kitchen & Sushi - Fort Myers, FL
Vizo's African Bar & Restaurant - Lubbock, TX
Falafel cafe - Birmingham, AL
Most Popular In: Travel

Here Are The New Rules For Air Travel After The Pandemic
How Australia Is Outraged As Nicole Kidman, Hollywood Celebrities Dodge Hotel Quarantine
School’s Back In Session: How Graduate Hotels Is Prioritizing Safety For Students And Guests
Businesses that offer reservations or waitlist on Yelp ?

Businesses that are available for delivery or pickup on Yelp are marked with ?

Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. Check out my website. 
Melissa Kravitz Hoeffner
Melissa Kravitz Hoeffner
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

78,807 views|Aug 15, 2019,06:40am EDT
Top 25 Public Colleges 2019: The Best Education For $30,000 Less
Madison Fernandez
Madison FernandezContributor
Education
I report on the intersection of higher education and policy.
University Of Wisconsin Badgers Campus
The University of Wisconsin campus in Madison. UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN/COLLEGIATE IMAGES VIA GETTY IMAGES
Although public colleges do not dominate the Forbes America’s Top Colleges List — only a quarter of schools in the top 100 are public and less than half of the overall list is made of public institutions — public schools provide some of the most accessible and high-quality education in the country.

More than 5 million students attend the public colleges that make America's Top Colleges List. The average in-state cost of attendance for the public colleges on the America’s Top Colleges list is nearly $30,000 a year less than private colleges on the list: $25,759 compared to $57,128.

Unlike the top liberal arts schools, there is no central hub of prominent top public colleges; the most notable public schools are spread evenly across the country — there are nine in the West, seven in the South, five in the Northeast and four in the Midwest.

Most Popular In: Education

Next Stimulus: GOP Wants Stimulus Checks But Not Student Loan Forgiveness
Elizabeth Warren: Cancel Student Debt In The Next Stimulus Package
NAACP Sues DeVos Over Coronavirus Relief Money For Private Schools
The top two spots are the same as last year, going to the University of California, Berkeley — one of the most selective universities in the state’s system — and the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, which has the highest research expenditures among public universities.

Although many of the top public schools remain the same as the 2018 rankings, there is much movement within the list. The biggest jump comes from the Georgia Institute of Technology — known for its strong engineering programs — which moved up seven spots to No. 13 of the top public colleges.


Gallery: Top 10 Public Colleges 2019
11 images
View gallery 
All five of the nation’s military colleges remained on the list, but the United States Naval Academy and the United States Military Academy switched spots to No. 3 and 4 respectively this year. The University of California, Los Angeles moved up two spots, bumping down the United States Air Force Academy one spot to No. 7. The University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, University of Maryland, College Park and University of Wisconsin, Madison moved up one spot, while the University of Washington, Seattle moved up three spots. The College of William and Mary, the University of Georgia and the University of Texas, Austin dropped two spots each and the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign and the University of Florida dropped four spots each. The University of California, San Diego and Santa Barbara dropped one spot to No. 19 and 20 respectively, and the University of California, Irvine and Davis switched spots to become No. 21 and 22 respectively.

The newest arrival to the 2019 top public college list is the Colorado School of Mines in Golden, CO. Given the prominence of recruiting more students into STEM majors to prepare them for STEM-related occupations, the school is dedicated to ensuring that students are industry-ready; according to the Pew Research Center, one in three college-educated workers majored in a STEM field, but only about half of STEM majors have a STEM job after graduating. With specializations in engineering and applied sciences, students at the Colorado School of Mines have the opportunity to work with faculty on research during their undergraduate careers, and 88% of graduates have a job in the industry or go on to pursue graduate degrees.

uncaptioned
The Forbes 2019 Public Top Colleges are:

25. University of Georgia (No. 99)

24. University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (No. 98)

23. Colorado School of Mines (No. 94) 

22. University of California, Davis (No. 88)

21. University of California, Irvine (No. 87)

20. University of California, Santa Barbara (No. 84)

19. University of California, San Diego (No. 79)

18. University of Texas, Austin (No. 76)

17. University of Florida (No. 70)

16. University of Wisconsin, Madison (No. 69) 

15. University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign (No. 68)

14. United States Merchant Marine Academy (No. 66)

13. Georgia Institute of Technology (No. 65)

12. University of Washington, Seattle (No. 64)

11. University of Maryland, College Park (No. 63)

10. United States Coast Guard Academy (No. 53)

9. College of William and Mary (No. 47)

8. University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill (No. 45)

7. United States Air Force Academy (No. 43)

6. University of California, Los Angeles (No. 38) 

5. University of Virginia (No. 33)

4. United States Military Academy (No. 32)

3. United States Naval Academy (No. 24)

2. University of Michigan, Ann Arbor (No. 20) 

1.  University of California, Berkeley (No. 13)

uncaptioned
Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. 
Madison Fernandez
Madison Fernandez
I am an editorial intern on the College Rankings Team and a rising junior at Ithaca College studying journalism and health policy and management. On campus, I'm news… Read More
Print
Site Feedback
Report a Security Issue
Tips
Corrections
Reprints & Permissions
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Forbes Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
AdChoices

